[hip-hop music playing]
Trip, tell me this is the last
we'll hear from that pissant.
I can't waste any more time in court
bickering about patent law
or intellectual infringement.
[Trip] Listen, as soon as his star witness
took an unscheduled vacation,
Freeson's case was dead.
Best justice money can buy.
You're now in sole control of Genocyte.
-It's time for you to celebrate.
-Oh!
I'm way ahead of you, esquire.
[keypad beeps]
[coughing]
[Michael] There's a special place in hell
for people like you.
The rich and powerful who play
with others' lives just because you can.
The world thinks you're in your castle
celebrating, but you're not.
In fact, you're haunted.
Read these.
No.
I understand.
You're used to giving orders,
not taking them.
Feeling empowered.
So I give you some power.
You choose to read these or we kill you.
[camera beeps]
"My name is Adam McHenry.
And this is my confession.
I'm a liar and a thief.
And to my best friend, Andrew Freeson,
I'm so sorry."
You did well.
One more thing.
You have a date with gravity.
I read what you wanted!
You said you wouldn't kill me!
Yes, right.
What I meant was
people will not think that I killed you.
They will hear your confession
and think that you killed yourself.
Wait, please!
-Like I said, you're haunted.
-No!
Stop! Hey! Wait!
[cell phone buzzing]
A parking garage?
You woke up in a parking garage?
Near Dupont Circle.
Can't remember how I got there.
Said you were going to a retirement party.
For Jim Ritter over at Justice.
I had one drink. Maybe two.
Honey, you don't sleep in the car
after one or two drinks.
Then maybe it was more.
Can't remember.
You scared the hell out of me.
If it makes you feel better,
I scared myself.
Not hearing from you.
Not knowing where you were.
I waited by the phone all night.
When the phone did ring,
it was from my friend Beth.
And the way she sounded,
she asked me if I'd heard what happened.
I thought she was talking about you.
I'm sorry I scared you.
I'm fine.
I know.
And that means everything.
Honey, there's something else.
Beth said something happened?
Who was she talking about?
Doug Koster.
What are you doing with a key
to our neighbor's cabin?
It happened before you got sick.
We were in such a different place.
You were working all the time.
I was lonely.
Beth kept in touch with him.
What happened?
He was shot and killed last night.
Where in the hell--?
[Heddie] How do you like the place?
It's nice.
It's our own little hideaway in the woods.
Just like at home.
Like at home. But not home.
No, not even close.
But thank you
for finding it for us, Heddie.
Mm. This is delicious. What is it?
A maté infusion from the yerba maté plant.
[Raymond] We grow them.
Mierce has two green thumbs
and an extraordinary knowledge
of everything that's good for you
and everything else that isn't.
Including people.
Speaking of,
tell me about the operations
we still have running with Oleg Nikovich.
He's provided us with contacts
to move minerals out of Afghanistan,
for which he's been well-paid.
We moved $100 million worth last year,
taking 19% off the top.
Not an arrangement we want to upend.
Not if you like 19% of 100 million.
Why do you ask?
Because Oleg has been
a loyal partner and friend.
And yet I need to take something
off his hands.
That's $19 million annually.
Don't piss him off.
[Raymond] I don't intend to.
But what I need is locked away
in that monstrosity of a penthouse
he keeps as a tax shelter.
The man's there one week
out of the year at most.
He'll never know it's gone.
-Where's the building?
-A toothpick of a place
on 57th Street in Manhattan.
You should call Rogelio.
He'll know the super.
Ah! Dembe. Not seeing you,
I was beginning to wonder.
[Raymond] Thank you for coming, Heddie.
-I'm gonna take this to go.
-It's fine. Take the gourd.
Let me know what Rogelio says.
Please, sit.
Would you like anything to drink?
No. Thank you.
Well, this is uncomfortable.
Because I arrested Vesco?
Vesco was a disappointment.
Brasília was a tragedy.
We should talk about it.
Your burns. Are they healing?
They are.
I never thanked you for coming back
after I was injured.
I came back for Agnes.
You came back for me.
You stayed for Agnes.
I have a case.
So we're not going to talk about Brasília?
Two tech partners have a falling out.
One accuses the other
of stealing his intellectual property.
He sues.
He loses.
And what does the winner do?
Mr. McHenry goes home
and performs a reverse pike
off of his balcony.
After filming a suicide note
admitting his guilt.
I hear rumors that the suicide note
and Mr. McHenry's untimely demise
were the work of the Avenging Angel.
Michael from Amsterdam.
Bruges.
Her insistent effort to restore
wartime plunder to its rightful owners,
among her other avid pursuits,
is often nasty business.
Which I recall you agreed with.
What the hell happened to us?
Michael. The archangel?
The one that God sent to fight the devil?
A job she does
with an almost heavenly zeal.
Stealing from those who have stolen.
Returning what was unjustly taken.
Sounds angelic.
According to Raymond,
she rights these wrongs
through murder, extortion,
random acts of violence.
When a Japanese court
acquitted executives of responsibility
for the nuclear meltdown in Fukushima,
she committed a ransomware attack,
extracting millions for displaced victims.
Over the course of a decade,
she committed so many acts of terror
against a Florida town,
officials eventually agreed to her demands
and gave back land to the descendants
of Black families who had been
run off their property in the '20s.
And yesterday she murders
the CEO of Genocyte
and makes it look like suicide.
Complete with a taped confession.
I leave my shares of Genocyte
to the person they rightfully belong to,
Andrew Freeson.
Please forgive me, Andy.
Does Reddington have any idea
who her next target is?
He doesn't know.
Whether she acts alone or is a hired gun.
[Cooper] If someone did hire her,
chances are it's the man
who thinks McHenry made a fortune
after stealing his IP.
Andrew Freeson sued
for his fair share and lost.
Now McHenry's dead
and Freeson owns the company.
I think that merits a sit-down.
Park, Dembe, bring him in.
I'll go with her.
-Coming in today, sir?
-Should be.
I just have to check
on a friend of Charlene's.
[keypad beeps]
Detective Heber, Homicide.
May I ask why you're stopped here?
Just wanted to see
what the commotion was about.
This is a crime scene, sir.
-Not a roadside attraction.
-Right. I'm leaving.
[engine starting]
[camera clicks]
You were right.
This job does keep me straight.
That isn't the reason
you bumped Dembe off.
-What am I missing?
-My second drug test's later today.
If I don't pass, even if
I come up inconclusive, I'm out.
And because I came up
inconclusive last time,
they're coming into the stall.
That's cozy.
Point is, I need a clean sample.
Not sure I have one.
But you do.
I'm not giving it.
I can't believe you're asking me
to help cheat.
I'm not using. I'm not sure
if I've been off long enough.
I need this.
This is the only way I keep it.
-No.
-If you don't, I'm off the force.
-Out of the bureau.
-If we're caught, we're both out.
Forget it.
It's not a risk I'm willing to take.
I said, forget it.
It's my problem. I never should've tried
to make it yours.
Really, it's all good.
[Ressler] You and McHenry were partners.
Yes. We founded Genocyte
in my parents' garage.
He was my oldest friend.
Who you accused of making a fortune
stealing your intellectual property.
You asked how well I knew him,
not what I thought of him.
What did you think of him?
That he was a liar and a cheat.
ADA Morehouse's office, please.
Bill. Harold.
A homicide report should be filed
today on a Doug Koster.
I need you to send me a copy.
My eyes only.
I owe you, pal.
What have I missed?
They're in with Freeson.
-[Park] Do you think he was suicidal?
-No.
-You think he was murdered?
-I don't know what to think or feel.
I'm just numb.
You're also very rich now.
[Park] McHenry taped a confession.
He admitted to cheating you
and gave you his share of the company.
That's the first I'm hearing of that.
You spent years in court trying to get
what you say you deserve.
You lost, but now McHenry winds up dead,
and you get everything.
Are you suggesting
that I killed my best friend?
You mean the liar and the cheat?
Sure, that's who he was.
But he was also my oldest friend.
Where were you last night?
I'd lost in court. So I was at home.
Drinking.
Blogging my troubles.
I work in tech, okay?
Screaming into that void
is the only thing that helps.
Do you really think
I was at Adam's place killing him?
-Were you?
-This conversation's over.
I want my lawyer.
Okay, Freeson said
that thing about blogging,
so I looked up his online footprint
and guy's got profiles everywhere.
And then I found this.
This is Thread-Net.
It's an online discussion platform
sort of like Reddit.
And it looks like Freeson
found a deep subcategory
and vented about the court case,
McHenry, his betrayal.
A category about what?
A prayer group.
It's people pouring out their pain
and problems for divine intervention.
The profile that is hosting this thread?
AvengingAngel1317.
Answering prayers.
That's how she's picking her crimes.
Perfect, actually.
Host an anonymous, worldwide platform
and let the injustices roll in.
We have her profile.
We run it down, we find our angel.
Uh, sir?
Is everything okay with Charlene's friend?
At the moment it's a mystery.
-Anything I can do?
-No.
Thanks.
I'm doing everything I can
to figure out what happened.
-[elevator bell dings]
-One click will get you in.
Return it on your way out.
I can't thank you enough.
Thank Rogelio. He helped get my daughter
into Princeton this fall.
How wonderful for her.
Go Tigers!
Easy in, easy out.
And there's excellent pastrami
right around the corner.
[techno music playing over speakers]
[indistinct chatter]
Raymond?
How is it, bro?
Alexei, what a surprise!
I stopped by to see
if your father was in town.
He's not.
But come in.
I'm having a little get-together.
Vodka's cold. The girls are hot.
What do you have that's room temperature?
Hey. Aram ran down that angel profile.
Log-ins from different routers
in a dozen countries.
Aram and Dembe are gonna take
the locals. The out-of-towners are ours.
Top drawer.
Open it.
Freeson was betrayed by McHenry.
He was hurt by him.
But in the end, he loved him.
-Thank you.
-I hope it works.
I'm not as nice as Freeson.
Screw this up and I won't sue you,
I'll kill you.
[phone dialing]
Got the clean sample.
You ready to work your magic?
All right. Name your time and place.
Read that online prayer group?
A bunch of it.
What were they posting?
Tragedy, grief, confession.
Our blacklister waded through
a lot of anguish
to find her needles in a haystack.
She takes advantage of people
searching for peace.
Hey! Any chance you're city inspectors?
No. We're FBI.
-Why do you ask?
-Been calling.
-Calling about what?
-This house.
It's been empty for two years.
Last few months, all I hear,
noise like you wouldn't believe.
-Seen anyone today?
-No.
But someone's squatting.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Dembe] In here.
She was here recently.
This is a staging area.
[man] What the hell?
Oh, my God!
[Dembe] Aram, take a look at this.
What did you find?
A link to the past.
Rosary beads.
Don't have a heart attack.
Not until I give you one.
William Green.
Name ring any bells?
What are you doing?
Hmm? William Green.
Anything?
I've never heard of him.
I didn't think so.
But in a few hours, trust me,
he'll be unforgettable.
It's kind of beautiful.
The heart of an artist.
And the mind of a killer.
What did you track down?
I ran the hospital bracelet
that we found on site.
No baby name, but the year was '83.
Sant'Agata Hospital outside Rome.
The mother was a Michela Bellucci.
No father's name.
Michela to Michael.
Pretty close if this is our angel.
-Is this a hospital photo?
-No.
So Dembe also found a rosary at the scene.
The cross was inscribed with the name
of a local convent
right near that hospital.
The convent was listed
as Michela's residence
at the time of the birth.
Don't tell me our avenging angel
is a former nun.
It's deeper than that.
It turns out Michela
was a young, unwed mother,
practically a deadly sin
to some back then.
Her parents all but disowned her.
The convent took in hundreds
of similar cases like this at that time.
There have been investigations
into places like this all over Europe.
She would've been a prisoner
for the length of her pregnancy.
When she gave birth, she would've been
forced to give the baby up for adoption.
They took her baby?
And now our angel steals back
for those who've had things stolen.
While carrying around a hospital bracelet
and an old rosary.
She never let go of her past.
Michela barely has a past.
She disappears off public records
shortly after the birth.
[Cooper] Do you have an update?
We have Michael's real name.
I'll send out a BOLO.
MPD is sending evidence collected
from that house you found.
When it arrives, I want it picked clean.
[Aram] Sir.
From the DA's office via Hoover.
Your eyes only.
The information on Charlene's friend.
You sure there's nothing I can do?
I'll handle it on my own for now.
If I need anything, I'll let you know.
-[techno music playing over speakers]
-[indistinct chatter]
-[Alexei speaking in Russian]
-Chin-chin.
So you're living here, Alexei?
Or is this just an impromptu get-together?
I'm crashing here for a few weeks.
If I remember correctly,
you have quite a place. Where is it?
Dalmatian Coast, Croatia?
Yeah. I had to sell that.
An unforeseen cash-flow problem.
-Cash flow?
-It's nothing.
I was betting oil futures.
It was stupid.
I just need time to get back on my feet.
Shame to sell the villa, though.
Nothing retains its value
like a good piece of real estate.
Or a good piece of art.
What the hell do I know about art?
[Raymond] Take that painting for example.
Your father's had it for years.
It's a perfect representation
of the style.
Clean lines, geometric use of the space.
What an investment.
That's someone's retirement
hanging on that wall.
How much we talking?
Oh, my goodness.
Look, I could have a row of buyers
lined up by lunch.
You could name a price.
Beautiful.
Ah, but you'd never.
Means too much to your father.
He's never here.
He can't love it that much.
These buyers,
what could you get from them?
Please, I can't put a price on perfection.
Pretend like you can.
I mean, I'd be guessing,
but I think I know a collector
who'd offer 500,000
just to get your attention.
-That would help with some cash flow.
-It would.
But, you know, it's Alexei's call.
Think I could try for a million?
[elevator bell dings]
Is that painting really worth
a million dollars?
-This?
-Yeah.
Oleg stole this off the wall
of a Four Seasons in Maui.
But it makes for lovely camouflage.
Dembe and I were in Bruges a while back.
We heard rumors of an avenging angel.
Someone dedicated to putting her thumb
on the scales of injustice.
She was on the hunt for this.
Van Gogh's The Painter
on the Road to Tarascon.
Stolen from its rightful owner
by the Nazis
and thought to have been incinerated
when the Allies bombed Magdeburg.
[Heddie] How did you know Nikovich had it?
He showed it to me.
Oleg is always very proud
of his newest shiny toy.
He hid it, for obvious reasons,
and lost interest.
But I never did.
Now you're gonna use it as bait
to catch the Avenging Angel.
That's my job, yes.
Yours is to contact the rightful owner.
-Is he still alive?
-His daughter is.
She's the lead singer
in a death metal band.
-How old is she?
-Ninety-something.
Okay, no. No way.
[Francis]
The collector will be with you, watching.
Yeah, I'm aware, but--
The only way you'll pee out clean urine
is if I put clean urine in you.
And I can do that by
running the sample you brought
from this catheter,
through your penis, into your bladder.
Is that possible?
I spent a decade
as a team doctor for pro athletes.
When you're playing for your
next contract, anything's possible.
Those guys want it so badly,
they're willing to do anything.
Are you?
[Aram] We've gone through
the evidence files we got from MPD.
These three men were in multiple
surveillance photos.
-[Cooper] That's Derek Huntley.
-Should I know who that is?
Seventy-second richest American.
One of many sad facts I know
from hunting for an angel investor.
And the others?
[Aram] The second is Walter Conrad,
an administrator at St. Damian's Hospital.
And the third is a steelworker
named William Green.
-No idea what they have in common.
-Our archangel was watching all three.
Bring them all in for questioning.
Hey. Sorry I was late.
I had a personal issue to deal with.
A lot of that going around.
What do you want?
Why am I here?
Mr. Conrad, would you care
to enlighten our guest of honor?
No?
Mr. Conrad is what we call
in Italian "pulisci il culo,"
an asswipe.
Huntley is the person who gets wiped.
And you are the refuse,
the human garbage
they flush away every day.
-I have no idea what you're talking about.
-Makes two of us.
Well, then, allow me
to shed some light on things.
How many times do I have to tell you?
It wasn't about sex.
If it wasn't about sex,
why'd you have sex?
-Why not invite him to your book club?
-I hate my book club.
The only reason I joined that book club
is because you're never home.
Doug was just, you know, company.
Coop.
Yo, Coop.
Lew. Thanks for coming.
What's with the cloak-and-dagger?
-I need you to run a ballistics test.
-Okay. And...
why can't you do that?
Because the test is for my service weapon.
This morning there was a round missing.
I think my weapon was recently fired.
If you think a round has been fired,
and it's your gun, shouldn't you know?
-Ballistics, Lew, can you do it?
-How much trouble are you in?
I don't know. That's what
I'm trusting you to find out.
Sir, the three men from the photo
are all missing.
Huntley was ambushed.
The security detail
was gunned down in broad daylight.
Conrad lived alone. We've brought in
Green's wife to see what she knows.
Coordinate with MPD. If they have leads,
I wanna know. I'll be in my office.
[monitor beeping]
You took something
that does not belong to you.
Something that rightfully
belongs to Mr. Green.
You're crazy. I've never met this man.
Mm. But you've met Mr. Conrad.
He's here to explain
to Mr. Green what you stole
and how you used your power
and influence to steal it.
William went to the pharmacy
around the corner.
When he didn't come back in an hour,
I went and was told he never showed up.
Do you know who this is?
No. Who is she?
Why would she wanna do
something to my husband?
[Michael] I don't want to do something
to you. I want to give something to you.
Why was your husband
going to the pharmacy?
He had a pacemaker installed.
He was going to pick up
his heart meds, blood thinners.
He can't survive without them.
He has congestive heart failure.
I want to give you a heart.
Specifically, his heart.
What? You can't do that.
-I don't want you to hurt him.
-[Michael] Why not?
He didn't care that he hurt you.
Mr. Conrad, if you will.
How did you do it?
My husband worked for
a steel company for 20 years.
When his heart got bad, they helped him
get on the national transplant list.
[Conrad] When an organ becomes available,
it's first offered to people
near the donor's hospital,
based on their placement on a waitlist.
It took almost a year, but eventually,
William got to the top of the list.
In this case,
the hospital was St. Damian's.
-Is that your hospital?
-Yes.
[Janelle] We were so excited.
The next heart was going to be his.
William Green lives in
the donation radius of St. Damian's.
Derek Huntley lives
on the other side of the state.
Can you explain that?
There are thousands of people
on donor lists all across the country.
I'm sorry that this man did not
get a heart, but that is not my fault.
But it is his fault, wasn't it?
Derek offered to fully pay
for our new pediatric wing
if I could ensure
the first heart available was his.
If your husband was on top,
why didn't he receive a transplant?
[Janelle]
He was at the top. He's not anymore.
-[Ressler] Why not?
-He failed a test, a blood test.
They were vague about it.
After that, William kept getting
bumped down the list.
So Mr. Huntley bribed his way
to the front of the line,
effectively sentencing Mr. Green to death.
[Janelle] He doesn't have much time.
I just wanted the last couple months...
I want him to be at peace.
And now I don't understand
why this happened.
Why would someone wanna do this to him?
One more thing, Mrs. Green. Have you ever
posted on any discussion groups online?
A prayer group, asking for
your husband to find a heart?
How did you know?
I didn't do anything to this man.
I did something for myself.
That's the way the world works.
I know.
That's why I'm so busy.
Shall we?
Wait. Wait, wait!
-You're guessing?
-Yeah, but it's an educated guess.
Look at the facts.
Two months ago, William Green was
number one on the list for a new heart.
He's near a hospital, ready to go,
but suddenly, he gets disqualifying
test results that bump him down the list.
At the same time,
a new wing at St. Damian's
is named in honor of Derek Huntley.
It's time for your drug test.
If you need me, it can wait.
What we need
is you to be reinstated. Good luck.
Yeah. Thank you.
-You can't do this!
-Why not?
You behave like you're heartless.
Now you will be.
[Park] You're right. It was a guess.
So I contacted the hospital.
A week after Green was disqualified,
Huntley got a new heart,
while Mr. Green got a pacemaker
and six months to live.
Did Huntley get the heart
Green should have?
Michael thinks so.
She'll wanna give it back to Green
by taking it from Huntley.
Do you have any idea where she's doing it?
-Not yet.
-[Aram] Mr. Green has a pacemaker.
It may be Bluetooth compatible
for sending diagnostics to his doctors.
Find out as fast as you can.
You won't believe this.
The trail that went cold in Bruges?
It just got warm.
-Who sent this?
-A fence in Baltimore.
-Jericho.
-After all these years...
He has a well-heeled client list.
We'd need to act quickly.
Whatever the price, double it.
I know what to do about the painting.
What about the owner?
Tell Mr. Jericho the price
comes on one condition.
I want a sit-down with the owner
to find out what he knows about
the provenance of the painting.
For his sake, I hope it's not much.
You need to see my birthday suit?
I just got it tailored.
That won't be necessary.
Arms up, palms toward me.
Is that necessary?
Just following protocol.
First test is inconclusive.
We don't take any chances on number two.
No pressure, but I got a 4:15
with the Joint Chiefs.
[Raymond] Hello, Ada. Welcome.
I hope you had a comfortable trip.
Oh, yes.
Heddie was a dear.
-I hear you're on tour.
-[Ada] I am.
Dialysis permitting.
I have a show tonight,
but this nice lady says
you have a pleasant surprise for me.
At my age, most surprises aren't,
so here I am.
So please, come sit.
Oh, no, no, no. It's all right.
It's okay.
I can manage. I am old, not, uh...
[chuckles]
They took it...
on a Thursday.
On Friday, they took the rest of us.
I only survived
because they heard me sing.
I'm alive...
because I sang
for the people who killed...
my family.
However did you find it?
In a case of history
repeating itself, I stole it.
From the current owner's apartment.
I realize it's no recompense.
But maybe after all these years, it's...
sentimental reparation.
Who are you?
Oh, that's--
That's a longer story.
-[cell phone ringing]
-Which I'll tell you right after this.
Excuse me.
Jericho.
Yes, double the price is good.
Wanting to meet me is even better.
Twenty minutes. All I need is an address.
Yes.
I'm terribly sorry, Ada,
but something unavoidable has come up.
So it's really mine to keep?
[Raymond] It was always yours.
It's just been in the wrong hands
for the past 81 years.
-[cell phone ringing]
-Uh...
This constant ringing,
I feel like Quasimodo.
Harold.
I was going to call you. Perfect timing.
[Cooper] It's not for Derek Huntley.
He cut in line and got the heart that
was supposed to go to someone else.
Our angel is about to balance the scales.
She'll murder Huntley,
and we don't know where.
-Derek Huntley the billionaire?
-You're missing the point.
-Good talk, Harold.
-Reddington? Are you--?
-Sir, the pacemaker has Bluetooth.
-Is it still active?
No. But the last GPS ping
came from the warehouse district.
That's a big district.
-We're right about the transplant surgery.
-How do you know?
I know they're in the warehouse
at 14th and Roosevelt,
the only one that had
surgical equipment delivered.
Relay that to the tac team,
have them standing by.
Hi.
Let's see what you got.
Aren't you a little spitfire?
-I think you're forgetting something.
-What's that?
Her hands.
Knife down.
-Back up.
-This is none of your concern.
-You're here about the painting.
-I have the painting, yes.
But that's not why I'm here.
I'm here about this
game of hearts you're playing.
-It's your turn to discard.
-You don't know what you're talking about.
If you knew,
you would not call this a game.
A psychopathology then.
My guess would be that you had
something important taken from you.
More important than anything else.
So now you right wrongs
and avenge others who have
had something taken from them.
If you know that's what I'm doing,
why stop it?
Order. Harmony.
Balancing the scales so good is rewarded
and evil is punished.
Most of us want that.
I know I certainly do.
If that's what you were doing here,
I wouldn't interrupt.
You know who this man is?
Do you know what Huntley did to this man?
Yes, it's abhorrent.
I also know what else he's done.
He as much as murdered this man.
Perhaps.
He also paid for a pediatric clinic
that's saving children's lives.
He's contributed to research that has
eliminated deadly childhood diseases
that have afflicted poor children
around the world.
That man is no saint.
No, he's not. He's a sinner.
But you think that's all he is.
In your binary world, that's all you see.
So when you do your math,
the answer you come to
is that he deserves to die.
My math is different.
You and everyone else taking the side
of the rich over the poor.
-That's not what I'm doing.
-That is exactly what you are doing.
By stopping this, William Green will die.
The decent, honest steel worker
will be sacrificed
for the rapacious hedge fund manager.
Who said anything about letting him die?
-What's his blood type?
-O negative.
He needs a heart.
And he's going to get one.
Just not Huntley's.
What's your blood type?
O negative.
Ah! Boy, that's lucky.
And you're about the same size.
Not perfect, but this is
how my math works out.
There is an avenging angel for all of us.
This will not keep you from yours.
I certainly hope not.
[gunshot]
[sirens wailing]
Get on the comms and tell Cooper.
Tell him what?
[Dembe] That Mr. Green is alive
and breathing with a new heart.
But for Michael, we were too late.
The blacklister is dead,
her heart transplanted to Green,
but I suspect you know all of this.
Sometimes, even an avenging angel
needs an avenging angel.
You found the blacklister and killed her.
Why bring us the case?
If you're asking if I had
an angle to play, I didn't.
Until you told me about Derek Huntley.
How did that change the equation?
It gave me the opportunity to make
a powerful acquaintance.
You can't have too many
of those in your debt.
What's the difference between
you and Michael?
She fancied herself judge,
jury and executioner.
How are you different?
My goodness,
we couldn't be more different.
She judged people
based on their worst day.
By the most terrible sin they committed.
-Shouldn't we be judged by that?
-I don't think so.
If that were the standard,
we'd all be found wanting.
By what standard should we be judged,
if not by the worst day of our life?
By every other day.
We all have the devil in us, Harold.
But the best of us have angels too.
[keypad beeps]
Sir, from a Special Agent Sloan.
Thank you.
Sir, you know...
whatever you need, know I'm here for you.
You made it.
Are you kidding? I love death metal.
I'm a total Cadaver Rising groupie.
I must say, I'm something of a virgin.
Excited but a bit apprehensive.
[Ada] I do it to reach young people,
so they will never forget.
My voice kept me alive.
Now I use it to remind the world
that good triumphs over evil.
What can I say?
Après moi le déluge.
♪ The skies alive with fire ♪
♪ There was a Holocaust ♪
♪ I survived ♪
♪ So many did not ♪
It was horrifying.
Right now all I care about
is that you're here.
And you're going to be fine.
So?
-Alina.
-Did I pass?
No. You didn't.
What are you talking about?
The test came back negative.
I've been reinstated, but, um...
But what?
The hormonal levels in my readings,
they were irregular.
It sometimes happens when someone
has abnormal tissues or...
tumors.
-The results indicate that--
-You may have cancer.
Yeah. But since they actually
tested you and not me--
I'm the one who's sick.
[cell phone ringing]
Hey.
-It's late. What time are you coming home?
-I'll be home soon.
I'm sorry about this morning.
Doug Koster is a name
from the past. Nothing more.
I was just caught off guard
about what happened.
You don't owe me an apology.
It was a shock for both of us.
Did you hear anything?
About the case?
You have any idea what happened?
They don't, but I do.
[dramatic music playing]